---
layout: post
permalink: /work/elastica
title: Elastica - 14islands
logo: elastica.svg
heading: Elastica
color: '#f6772c'
description: Making cloud security look splendid.
image: /images/work/elastica/elastica-illustration.svg
priority: 4
private: false
---

# Elastica

#### Marketing site full of creative animations as you browse through the pages.

[Video]

## About

Elastica is a security startup based in Silicon Valley, San Francisco. Their mission is to provide companies elegantly simple solutions for security in the cloud.

Part of their journey was to build a great website to present their services, thats were we came in. We ended up crafting over 20 animations on the site to tell their story.

## Design

We were approached by [UENO](http://ueno.co) for this project. UENO is a leading web design agency, serving clients such as Google, Dropbox, Reuters, Medium and AirBnb.

We were proud to help, specially when seeing the creativity and ambition put into their designs.


## Bringing it to live

Let’s take a look at some of the animations we built throughout the process.

-- List of animations with text & video --



## Responsive

[Device images to show how its responsive]

## Technologies

We pick the best technology for each job.

- **Wordpress** as the CMS (Content Management System)
- **Advanced Custom Fields** for multible content types in Wordpress
- **Sass** for CSS pre-processing
- **Modernizr** for browser feature detection
- **jQuery** for DOM manipulation
- **FastClick** to eliminate 300ms click delay for touch events
- TODO: Is there more?

## Conclusion

This was a super fun project that challenged us in so many ways.

[Check it out](http://elastica.net/)
