---
layout: post
class: sthlm6000
permalink: /work/sthlm6000
title: Sthlm6000+ - 14islands
logo: logo_bvd.svg
heading: Sthlm6000+
color: '#00e689'
description: Improving student housing in Stockholm
image: /images/work/sthlm6000/list-illustration.png
imageClass: box__content__img--right
priority: 99
private: true
---


# Sthlm6000+

#### Improving student housing in Stockholm
by increasing building projects to at least 6000.

[Video about project]


## About

Sthlm6000+ is an urban development project that brings together large number of players in Stockholm; among other municipalities, construction companies, real estate companies, architects, government agencies, educational institutions and students.

The goal of the site is to present this project in a good way and provide information to the public. The site is built responsive in Wordpress to make it fully editable by the client.


## Design

We were approached by [BVD](http://bvd.se) to build the website for this project. BVD is an experienced design studio in Stockholm that focuses on simplicity and quality for their clients.

They showed us their design concept for the site, it featured bold imagery from Stockholm and nice typography. It had us at hello.

[Image - Beautiful typeface with big and bold imagery]


## Experiments

The designs got us inspired and we immediately started experimenting in the browser. We prototyped few ideas, here is one we made for interactive statistics:

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="6678" data-slug-hash="Htoyz" data-default-tab="result" data-user="14islands" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/14islands/pen/Htoyz/'>Htoyz</a> by 14islands (<a href='http://codepen.io/14islands'>@14islands</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

Here is another one on a possible way to present building
projects on premise:

<p data-height="268" data-theme-id="6678" data-slug-hash="BChpE" data-default-tab="result" data-user="14islands" class='codepen'>See the Pen <a href='http://codepen.io/14islands/pen/BChpE/'>Google panorama component</a> by 14islands (<a href='http://codepen.io/14islands'>@14islands</a>) on <a href='http://codepen.io'>CodePen</a>.</p>
<script async src="//codepen.io/assets/embed/ei.js"></script>

Not all ideas made it into the project, but this got us onboard - making us happy campers.


## Laying the grounds

All content on the site is editable using the Wordpress content management system. One of the best things about Wordpress is  it provides such a pleasent experience for the editors that manage all the different types of content for the site.

The Editor in Wordpress is even responsive, witch tones well with how we built the site.

## Responsiveness

[Responsive showcase]

## Technologies

We pick the best technology for each job.

- **Wordpress** as the CMS (Content Management System)
- **Advanced Custom Fields** for multible content types in Wordpress
- **CoffeeScript** for JavaScript pre-processing
- **Sass** for CSS pre-processing
- **Modernizr** for browser feature detection
- **jQuery** for DOM manipulation
- **FastClick** to eliminate 300ms click delay for touch events
- **Grunt** to automate common tasks
- **NPM & Bower** for package management
- **MediaTemple** as the hosting enviroment

## Conclusion

Our job was to bring designs to live with interactivity and animations. This was only the first phase of the project, so expect more to come.

> Working with the fellows at 14islands was a true pleasure to us. Friendly and professional wizkids.
> -- <cite>Ethel Ghirmai</cite>
> -- <cite>Digital Strategist at BVD</cite>

[Check it out](http://sthlm6000.se/)

Want to work with us?  Get in touch
